HOUSTON - Enron Corp. hosted its annual equity analyst conference
today in  Houston.  Ken Lay, Enron chairman and chief executive
officer, opened the  conference by highlighting Enron=01,s tremendous
growth across all businesses  and the outstanding 700 percent return
to shareholders over the past decade. Enron presented key objectives
for 2000: ? Continued strong growth in the core Wholesale Energy
businesses. ? Break-out performance from Retail Energy Services. ?
Rapid development of Enron Broadband Services.  Enron=01,s ability to
extend core skills and competencies to new markets was a  recurring
theme throughout the day.  Wholesale Energy Business Growth prospects
remain strong for Wholesale Energy Operations and Services,
Enron=01,s largest business.  Wholesale energy growth in North America
is  expected to be driven by the continuing deregulation of power
markets in the  United States and large-scale energy outsourcing by
utilities and large  energy consumers.  Enron expects to continue to
broaden its early lead across  the European continent as markets
quickly open to competition.  Finally,  Enron is rapidly expanding its
wholesale presence in other markets such as  Japan, where large
customers will be permitted to choose their electricity  provider in
March 2000. EnronOnline will provide additional wholesale growth as
incremental sales are  generated through this innovative, Internet-
based transaction system.  Over  450 customers around the world have
used EnronOnline and over 10,000  transactions have been completed
since its introduction in late November  1999.  Yesterday, EnronOnline
transaction levels reached a new record with  over 700 transactions,
representing a notional value of $250 million.   Transaction
processing costs with EnronOnline are significantly lower than  costs
associated with traditional transaction methods. Enron=01,s Gas
Pipeline Group is also well positioned to continue growing, with
expansions planned or underway on several of its systems.  Retail
Energy Services With over 16,500 facilities under management, the
infrastructure is in place  to service customers worldwide.  As the
strong contracting momentum  continues, Enron Energy Services is
poised to rapidly increase earnings in  2000.  Enron Energy
Services=01, goal for 2000 is to sign new contracts  representing $16
billion in future expenditures by customers for energy and  energy
services, nearly double the level in 1999.  Enron Broadband Services
The new name of Enron=01,s communications business, Enron Broadband
Services,  reflects its role in the very fast growing market for
premium broadband  services.  Enron is deploying an open, flexible
global broadband network  controlled by software intelligence, which
precludes the need to invest in a  traditional point-to-point fiber
network.  This Enron Intelligent Network is  widely interconnected to
both other wholesale bandwidth carriers and to  Internet service
providers, thus providing the platform for two new Enron  business
centers, bandwidth intermediation and broadband content delivery. A
direct transfer of Enron=01,s core market making and risk management
skills  from its energy businesses, bandwidth intermediation will
provide  capacity-holders a vast array of alternatives for flexible,
low cost  capacity.  Enron will also provide premium broadband content
services, such  as high-quality video-streaming and large broadband
file transfer, with  differentiated levels of quality in a usage-based
business model. As announced in a separate release, Enron also reached
an agreement with Sun  Microsystems that provides for accelerated
development of broadband Internet  services. Enron is one of the
world=01,s leading electricity, natural gas and  communications
companies.  The company, which owns approximately $34 billion  in
energy and communications assets, produces electricity and natural
gas,  develops, constructs and operates energy facilities worldwide,
delivers  physical commodities and financial and risk management
services to customers  around the world, and is developing an
intelligent network platform to  facilitate online business.
Enron=01,s Internet address is www.enron.com, and  the stock is traded
under the ticker symbol, =01&ENE.=018 ## This press release includes
forward looking statements within the meaning of  Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities  Exchange Act
of 1934. Although Enron believes that its expectations are based  on
reasonable assumptions, it can give no assurance that its goals will
be  achieved.  Important factors that could cause actual results to
differ  materially from those in the forward looking statements herein
include  political developments in foreign countries, the ability to
penetrate new  wholesale and retail natural gas, electricity and
broadband services markets,  including the energy outsource market, in
the United States and Europe, the  timing and extent of changes in
prices for crude oil, natural gas,  electricity and those relating to
broadband services and content, the timing  and effect of changes in
interest rates, the timing and success of Enron=01,s  efforts to
develop domestic and international power, pipeline,  communications,
internet-related and other infrastructure projects, and  conditions of
the capital markets and equity markets during the periods  covered by
the forward looking statements.
